Add more details about policy set execution mode (#1568)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/policy-enforcement/manage-policy-sets/configure.mdx

   
   - **Individually managed policies**: Select managed policies from the **Policies** drop-down to add to the policy set. You can only add policies written with the same policy framework you selected for this set.

   - **Automated**: Specify a list of key-value pairs that HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise sends to the Sentinel runtime when performing policy checks on workspaces. Refer to [Sentinel parameters](#sentinel-parameters) for more information.

1. Click **Create policy set** to finish.

Depending on the type of policy set you choose to create, you can then add policies to the set using the UI, connected VCS repository, the API, or the `tfe` provider. If you are creating an OPA policy set or a Sentinel policy set using agents, we recommend choosing a specific runtime version for your policy set to ensure consistent behavior.

### Policy set execution modes

When using Sentinel as the policy framework, you can set the execution mode to either platform environment mode or HCP Terraform Agent mode. The mode determines the environment that policies run in.  

#### Platform environment mode

> When a policy run starts, the job is executed internally by the HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise container.In this mode, HCP Terraform and Terraform Enterprise use Sentinel 0.40.x to evaluate policies. The latest language features are not supported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a policy run starts, the job is executed internally by the HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise container. In this mode, HCP Terraform and Terraform Enterprise use Sentinel 0.40.x to evaluate policies. The latest language features are not supported. 
```

Use this mode when you want to quickly start policy runs with minimal overhead and when your Sentinel policies require access to cost estimation data. 

> Platform environment mode may lead to slower overall application performance during high policy run volumes. This is because the policy run shares CPU and memory allocations with the HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise container.

Author: ```suggestion
Platform environment mode may lead to slower overall application performance during high policy run volumes. This is because the policy run shares CPU and memory allocations with the HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise control plane.
```

---
page_title: Configure connections to policy sets
description: >-

>  Learn how to connect policy sets to your organization in HCP Terraform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Learn how to connect policies to policy sets in your HCP Terraform organization.
```

---

# Configure connections to policy sets

Policy sets are collections of policies that you can apply globally or to specific projects and workspaces. For more information about defining policies, refer to [Define policies overview](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/policy-enforcement/define-policies). For information about using policies created and maintained by HashiCorp, refer to [Run pre-written Sentinel policies](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/policy-enforcement/prewritten-sentinel).   

## Overview

The way you set up and configure a new policy set depends on your workflow and where you store policies. HCP Terraform and Terraform Enterprise support the following workflows:

- Managed policies: In the UI, create a policy set and add the policies.

> - Policy sets hosted in a version control system: In the UI, create a policy set connected to your repository. HCP Terraform automatically refreshes the policy set when you change relevant files. Version control policy sets have specific organization and formatting requirements. Refer to [Sentinel VCS Repositories](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/policy-enforcement/manage-policy-sets/sentinel-vcs) and [OPA VCS Repositories](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/policy-enforcement/manage-policy-sets/opa-vcs) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Policy sets hosted in a version control system: Create a policy set in the HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise interface and then connect it to a repository. HCP Terraform automatically refreshes the policy set when you change relevant files. Version control policy sets have specific organization and formatting requirements. Refer to [Sentinel VCS Repositories](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/policy-enforcement/manage-policy-sets/sentinel-vcs) and [OPA VCS Repositories](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/policy-enforcement/manage-policy-sets/opa-vcs) for details.
```

   
   - **Individually managed policies**: Select managed policies from the **Policies** drop-down to add to the policy set. You can only add policies written with the same policy framework you selected for this set.

   - **Automated**: Specify a list of key-value pairs that HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise sends to the Sentinel runtime when performing policy checks on workspaces. Refer to [Sentinel parameters](#sentinel-parameters) for more information.

1. Click **Create policy set** to finish.

Depending on the type of policy set you choose to create, you can then add policies to the set using the UI, connected VCS repository, the API, or the `tfe` provider. If you are creating an OPA policy set or a Sentinel policy set using agents, we recommend choosing a specific runtime version for your policy set to ensure consistent behavior.

### Policy set exeuction modes

When using Sentinel as the policy framework, you can set the execution mode to either **Legacy** or **Agent** to determine the environment that policies run in.  

#### Legacy mode

When a policy run starts, the job is executed internally by the HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise container.

> Enable legacy mode when you want to quickly start policy runs with minimal overhead. Legacy mode also supports cost estimation data in policies.

Reviewer 2: Removing these sentences to group the drawbacks and suggestions below:
```suggestion
```

However, legacy mode does not support pinning Sentinel versions to the policy. As a result, future updates to the policy set can affect scalability for large environments. 

Additionally, legacy mode may lead to slower overall application performance during high policy run volumes. This is because the policy run shares CPU and memory allocations with the HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise container.

> #### Agent mode

Reviewer 2: This would become "HCP Terraform agent", and would probably come first since it'll be our recommended environment

> #### Agent mode

Author: ```suggestion
#### HCP Terraform Agent mode
```

When a policy run starts, HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise checks the workspace settings to determine the execution environment. Refer to [Execution Mode](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings#execution-mode) for more information about workspace execution modes.

When the workspace execution mode is also set to **Agent**, HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise evaluates the policy using an agent instance from the specified agent pool. The workspace can either explicitly be set to agent mode or inherit the agent execution mode from the [project settings](/terraform/cloud-docs/projects#execution-mode) or [organization settings](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations#organization-settings).    

When the workspace execution mode is set to **Local** or **Remote**, HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise starts a new agent to evaluate the policy.    

> Use agent mode when you need to pin Sentinel versions to the policy, which results in greater scalability for large environments. You can also use agent mode to offload resource consumption from the HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise container. Because agents run in separate namespaces, Kubernetes pods, or dedicated agent pools, policy runs are isolated from the HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise node. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Use agent mode to execute your policy set using a specific version of Sentinel. You can also use agent mode to offload resource consumption from HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise, because your policies run in an isolated environment. 
```
